,Quote,Author
0,"Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car.",E. B. White
1,The cars we drive say a lot about us.,Alexandra Paul
2,"I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.",George Best
3,It's a never ending battle of making your cars better and also trying to be better yourself.,Dale Earnhardt
4,"We aren't addicted to oil, but our cars are.",James Woolsey
5,"It's like driving a car at night. You never see further than your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.",E. L. Doctorow
6,A car for every purse and purpose.,Alfred P. Sloan
7,"I know a lot about cars, man. I can look at any car's headlights and tell you exactly which way it's coming.",Mitch Hedberg
8,"There's three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars.",Mario Lopez
9,Cars and cameras are the two things I let myself be materialistic about. I don't care about other stuff.,Louis C. K.
10,"I love driving cars, looking at them, cleaning and washing and shining them. I clean 'em inside and outside. I'm very touchy about cars. I don't want anybody leaning on them or closing the door too hard, know what I mean?",Scott Baio
11,Fast cars are my only vice.,Michael Bay
12,"The automobile engine will come, and then I will consider my life's work complete.",Rudolf Diesel
13,The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it.,Dudley Moore
14,Germans make nice cars.,Jason Behr
15,I admit to wasting my life messing around with fast cars and motorcycles.,Brock Yates
16,"People spend so much time in their cars, and it's a legal way to have fun by speeding a little bit or testing yourself a little bit, and you get to invest in your car. For some people, it becomes their baby.",Jordana Brewster
17,"To attract men, I wear a perfume called 'New Car Interior.'",Rita Rudner
18,Self-driving cars are the natural extension of active safety and obviously something we should do.,Elon Musk
19,"If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving $25 cars that got 1,000 MPG.",Bill Gates
20,"The car has become the carapace, the protective and aggressive shell, of urban and suburban man.",Marshall McLuhan
21,I don't buy fur coats or jewelry. I have old cars.,Peta Wilson
22,I love fast cars... and to go too fast in them.,Lara Flynn Boyle
23,"If you own a home with wheels on it and several cars without, you just might be a redneck.",Jeff Foxworthy
24,I love vintage cars because you can do so much more to them.,T-Pain
25,"I was quiet, a loner. I was one of those children where, if you put me in a room and gave me some crayons and a pencils, you wouldn't hear from me for nine straight hours. And I was always drawing racing cars and rockets and spaceships and planes, things that were very fast that would take me away.",Gary Oldman
26,"Driving race cars was an avenue for me to learn how to build my own car, and that was my ambition all along.",Carroll Shelby
27,Drive-in banks were established so most of the cars today could see their real owners.,E. Joseph Cossman
28,Auto racing is boring except when a car is going at least 172 miles per hour upside down.,Dave Barry
29,"When it comes to cars, only two varieties of people are possible - cowards and fools.",Russell Baker
30,"In the history of the world, no one has ever washed a rented car.",Lawrence Summers
31,Here comes 40. I'm feeling my age and I've ordered the Ferrari. I'm going to get the whole mid-life crisis package.,Keanu Reeves
32,"I don't run a car, have never run a car. I could say that this is because I have this extremely tender environmentalist conscience, but the fact is I hate driving.",David Attenborough
33,"If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.",Doug Larson
34,But my passion is racing cars. It's what I like to do in my off time.,Mark-Paul Gosselaar
35,The greatest pleasure when I started making money was not buying cars or yachts but finding myself able to have as many freshly typed drafts as possible.,Gore Vidal
36,Environmentalists have a very conflicted relationship with their cars.,Tom Arnold
37,Consider what kind of car you get. Buy cars and other products that have the least impact environmentally.,Al Gore
38,"No illusion is more crucial than the illusion that great success and huge money buy you immunity from the common ills of mankind, such as cars that won't start.",Larry McMurtry
39,No action hero is more closely associated with cars than James Bond.,Richard Hammond
40,"The only big things I've purchased are my dad's heart valve and a Rolls-Royce for my parents, for their anniversary. And that was only because my dad had a Lady Gaga license plate on our old car and it was making me crazy because he was getting followed everywhere, so I bought him a new car.",Lady Gaga
41,You're safer in the race car than you are in cars going to and from the track.,Mario Andretti
42,Tesla is here to stay and keep fighting for the electric car revolution.,Elon Musk
43,Older cars tend to drive like older cars. That is not for me.,Robert Herjavec
44,"I had more clothes than I had closets, more cars than garage space, but no money.","Sammy Davis, Jr."
45,Your car should drive itself. It's amazing to me that we let humans drive cars... It's a bug that cars were invented before computers.,Eric Schmidt
46,"In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldn't have to ride around with jerks.",Scott Adams
47,"I have a need to make these sorts of connections literal sometimes, and a vehicle often helps to do that. I have a relationship to car culture. It isn't really about loving cars. It's sort of about needing them.",Matthew Barney
48,I am a big car enthusiast. I totally understand guys like Jay Leno who have a thousand cars. But asking me my favorite car would be like asking my favorite song or favorite food - it changes everyday.,Casey James
49,"I drive Fords, and I've driven American cars all my life, and I want to have a strong American manufacturing sector, especially in automobiles.",Jim DeMint
50,Electric cars aren't pollution-free; they have to get their energy from somewhere.,Alexandra Paul
51,"Google is working on self-driving cars, and they seem to work. People are so bad at driving cars that computers don't have to be that good to be much better.",Marc Andreessen
52,I think all males from Detroit have an obsession with cars.,Dax Shepard
53,"When I was four, I just wanted to drive, I collected toy cars. Where does that sort of thing come from? In hindsight you go, 'Oh, liked it because of this.' Maybe it's just the wheel.",Michael Fassbender
54,Not having to own a car has made me realize what a waste of time the automobile is.,Diane Johnson
55,"In Japan, they have TV sets in cars right now, where you can punch up traffic routes, weather, everything! You can get Internet access already in cars in Japan, so within the next 2 to 3 years it's gonna be so crazy!",Glenn Danzig
56,I think we have to act like stars because it is expected of us. So we drive our big cars and live in our smart houses.,Maurice Gibb
57,"Well, I always had a chauffer, because I have never driven a car in my life. I still can't drive.",Bud Abbott
58,I just feel rejuvenated in such a big way because of these race cars I get to drive.,Jeff Gordon
59,My opinion is it's a bridge too far to go to fully autonomous cars.,Elon Musk
