,Quote,Author
0,The cars we drive say a lot about us.,Alexandra Paul
1,"I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.",George Best
2,"Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car.",E. B. White
3,It's a never ending battle of making your cars better and also trying to be better yourself.,Dale Earnhardt
4,"It's like driving a car at night. You never see further than your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.",E. L. Doctorow
5,"We aren't addicted to oil, but our cars are.",James Woolsey
6,"I know a lot about cars, man. I can look at any car's headlights and tell you exactly which way it's coming.",Mitch Hedberg
7,A car for every purse and purpose.,Alfred P. Sloan
8,"There's three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars.",Mario Lopez
9,Cars and cameras are the two things I let myself be materialistic about. I don't care about other stuff.,Louis C. K.
10,Fast cars are my only vice.,Michael Bay
11,"I love driving cars, looking at them, cleaning and washing and shining them. I clean 'em inside and outside. I'm very touchy about cars. I don't want anybody leaning on them or closing the door too hard, know what I mean?",Scott Baio
12,Germans make nice cars.,Jason Behr
13,The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it.,Dudley Moore
14,"To attract men, I wear a perfume called 'New Car Interior.'",Rita Rudner
15,"People spend so much time in their cars, and it's a legal way to have fun by speeding a little bit or testing yourself a little bit, and you get to invest in your car. For some people, it becomes their baby.",Jordana Brewster
16,Self-driving cars are the natural extension of active safety and obviously something we should do.,Elon Musk
17,I love fast cars... and to go too fast in them.,Lara Flynn Boyle
18,"The automobile engine will come, and then I will consider my life's work complete.",Rudolf Diesel
19,I admit to wasting my life messing around with fast cars and motorcycles.,Brock Yates
20,"If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving $25 cars that got 1,000 MPG.",Bill Gates
21,"The car has become the carapace, the protective and aggressive shell, of urban and suburban man.",Marshall McLuhan
22,I love vintage cars because you can do so much more to them.,T-Pain
23,I don't buy fur coats or jewelry. I have old cars.,Peta Wilson
24,"I was quiet, a loner. I was one of those children where, if you put me in a room and gave me some crayons and a pencils, you wouldn't hear from me for nine straight hours. And I was always drawing racing cars and rockets and spaceships and planes, things that were very fast that would take me away.",Gary Oldman
25,But my passion is racing cars. It's what I like to do in my off time.,Mark-Paul Gosselaar
26,"Driving race cars was an avenue for me to learn how to build my own car, and that was my ambition all along.",Carroll Shelby
27,Here comes 40. I'm feeling my age and I've ordered the Ferrari. I'm going to get the whole mid-life crisis package.,Keanu Reeves
28,"In the history of the world, no one has ever washed a rented car.",Lawrence Summers
29,"The only big things I've purchased are my dad's heart valve and a Rolls-Royce for my parents, for their anniversary. And that was only because my dad had a Lady Gaga license plate on our old car and it was making me crazy because he was getting followed everywhere, so I bought him a new car.",Lady Gaga
30,Drive-in banks were established so most of the cars today could see their real owners.,E. Joseph Cossman
31,"If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.",Doug Larson
32,"If you own a home with wheels on it and several cars without, you just might be a redneck.",Jeff Foxworthy
33,Auto racing is boring except when a car is going at least 172 miles per hour upside down.,Dave Barry
34,"I don't run a car, have never run a car. I could say that this is because I have this extremely tender environmentalist conscience, but the fact is I hate driving.",David Attenborough
35,No action hero is more closely associated with cars than James Bond.,Richard Hammond
36,I think all males from Detroit have an obsession with cars.,Dax Shepard
37,Consider what kind of car you get. Buy cars and other products that have the least impact environmentally.,Al Gore
38,"When it comes to cars, only two varieties of people are possible - cowards and fools.",Russell Baker
39,I am a big car enthusiast. I totally understand guys like Jay Leno who have a thousand cars. But asking me my favorite car would be like asking my favorite song or favorite food - it changes everyday.,Casey James
40,The greatest pleasure when I started making money was not buying cars or yachts but finding myself able to have as many freshly typed drafts as possible.,Gore Vidal
41,Tesla is here to stay and keep fighting for the electric car revolution.,Elon Musk
42,"No illusion is more crucial than the illusion that great success and huge money buy you immunity from the common ills of mankind, such as cars that won't start.",Larry McMurtry
43,"I drive Fords, and I've driven American cars all my life, and I want to have a strong American manufacturing sector, especially in automobiles.",Jim DeMint
44,Your car should drive itself. It's amazing to me that we let humans drive cars... It's a bug that cars were invented before computers.,Eric Schmidt
45,Older cars tend to drive like older cars. That is not for me.,Robert Herjavec
46,"I have a need to make these sorts of connections literal sometimes, and a vehicle often helps to do that. I have a relationship to car culture. It isn't really about loving cars. It's sort of about needing them.",Matthew Barney
47,Not having to own a car has made me realize what a waste of time the automobile is.,Diane Johnson
48,Environmentalists have a very conflicted relationship with their cars.,Tom Arnold
49,"Google is working on self-driving cars, and they seem to work. People are so bad at driving cars that computers don't have to be that good to be much better.",Marc Andreessen
50,"We're just into toys, whether it's motorcycles or race cars or computers. I've got the Palm Pilot right here with me, I've got the world's smallest phone. Maybe it's just because I'm still a big little kid and I just love toys, you know?",Catherine Bell
51,Electric cars aren't pollution-free; they have to get their energy from somewhere.,Alexandra Paul
52,"Well, I always had a chauffer, because I have never driven a car in my life. I still can't drive.",Bud Abbott
53,I just feel rejuvenated in such a big way because of these race cars I get to drive.,Jeff Gordon
54,"I had more clothes than I had closets, more cars than garage space, but no money.","Sammy Davis, Jr."
55,"In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldn't have to ride around with jerks.",Scott Adams
56,"In Japan, they have TV sets in cars right now, where you can punch up traffic routes, weather, everything! You can get Internet access already in cars in Japan, so within the next 2 to 3 years it's gonna be so crazy!",Glenn Danzig
57,I love everything from old-school cars to whatever the latest muscle or luxury vehicles are.,Ludacris
58,"See, what you're meant to do when you have a mid-life crisis is buy a fast car, aren't you? Well, I've always had fast cars. It's not that. It's the fear that you're past your best. It's the fear that the stuff you've done in the past is your best work.",Robbie Coltrane
59,Chrysler builds great cars.,Lee Iacocca
