,Quote,Author
0,"Saving our planet, lifting people out of poverty, advancing economic growth... these are one and the same fight. We must connect the dots between climate change, water scarcity, energy shortages, global health, food security and women's empowerment. Solutions to one problem must be solutions for all.",Ban Ki-moon
1,Just as we develop our physical muscles through overcoming opposition - such as lifting weights - we develop our character muscles by overcoming challenges and adversity.,Stephen Covey
2,Capitalists are no more capable of self-sacrifice than a man is capable of lifting himself up by his own bootstraps.,Vladimir Lenin
3,"My favorite thing is when we lift a trophy. Afterward, we can have a picture of us lifting a trophy. And that picture shows a lot of work, a lot of difficulty and a lot of sacrifice together.",N'Golo Kante
4,"Sometimes life drops blessings in your lap without your lifting a finger. Serendipity, they call it.",Charlton Heston
5,"Where would you be without friends? The people to pick you up when you need lifting? We come from homes far from perfect, so you end up almost parent and sibling to your friends - your own chosen family. There's nothing like a really loyal, dependable, good friend. Nothing.",Jennifer Aniston
6,The minimum wage can play a vital role in lifting hard-working families above the poverty line.,Adam Cohen
7,"The superior man is the providence of the inferior. He is eyes for the blind, strength for the weak, and a shield for the defenseless. He stands erect by bending above the fallen. He rises by lifting others.",Robert Green Ingersoll
8,"Everything is a blessing, even meetings. Whether it's meetings or running gassers or lifting, it's an opportunity, and the best thing to do is be thankful for it.",Eric Berry
9,"For me, winning isn't just about lifting the cup, the trophy - it's about giving your maximum, on and off the pitch.",Clarence Seedorf
10,"Financial inclusion matters not only because it promotes growth, but because it helps ensure prosperity is widely shared. Access to financial services plays a critical role in lifting people out of poverty, in empowering women, and in helping governments deliver services to their people.",Sri Mulyani Indrawati
11,This globalization is lifting up hundreds of millions of people out of poverty. The Left needs to see that.,Chrystia Freeland
12,"If you look at the ecological circuitry of this planet, the ways in which materials like carbon or sulfur or phosphorous or nitrogen get cycled in ways that makes them available for our biology, the organisms that do the heavy lifting are bacteria.",Andrew H. Knoll
13,"Progress in human affairs is more often a pull than a push, surging forward of the exceptional man, and the lifting of his duller brethren slowly and painfully to his vantage ground.",W. E. B. Du Bois
14,"When it comes to space, I see it as my job, I'm building infrastructure the hard way. I'm using my resources to put in place heavy lifting infrastructure so the next generation of people can have a dynamic, entrepreneurial explosion into space.",Jeff Bezos
15,"Racism has two primary functions: the oppression of people of color, which most people recognize, but also the simultaneous elevation of white people. You can't hold one group down without lifting the other up.",Robin DiAngelo
16,"But, we have had the debate in our country now for a number of years as to whether or not free trade agreements are good for economic growth and economic opportunity in creating jobs and lifting people out of poverty.",Donald Evans
17,"You know, everyone is always talking about plastic surgery, or the technology, what to do. I really think it's important to help yourself with the technology if you want to feel better, but I am absolutely against any kind of monstrous cuts of the body, lifting that is beyond recognition, this kind of stuff.",Marina Abramovic
18,"I think one of the defining moments of adulthood is the realization that nobody's going to take care of you. That you have to do the heavy lifting while you're here. And when you don't, well, you suffer the consequences.",Adam Savage
19,"Obviously, I am hoping to go on and win many trophies for Spurs and for England. That's always been the aim since I was a kid, dreaming of lifting the trophy one day for them, so that's what I've got to do.",Harry Kane
20,"I've been lifting weights since I was literally 15 or 16 years old. My muscles are short and powerful and built to lift heavy weights, not to be graceful and glide around a dance floor.",Jake Pavelka
21,"You want to shock the body and not be constant. Intermittent fasting is an increasingly popular way: Skip breakfast, for example. Also lifting weights, losing your breath from exercise and alternating between hot and cold temperatures. We think these measures will only get us to 100 to 122 years old. That's our natural lifespan.",David Andrew Sinclair
22,"I like sports, and I enjoy playing basketball and lifting weights.",Joel Osteen
23,"I always see where I didn't do things the right way. I only see the heavy lifting. That's a bit of my wisdom, if you want to call it that.",Vera Wang
24,I've lost a lot of fat and that's through weight lifting.,Barbi Benton
25,"Lifting the veil of secrecy that shrouds police misconduct allegations would seem like an obvious democratic value. After all, if police work for the people, should they not be answerable to the people, as well? This is a basic tenet of good government.",Maya Wiley
26,"You know, T can stand for anything. T stand for working hard. T stand for loving thy neighbor. T stand for feeding the hungry. T stand for just working, working, working, being happy on the set, you know, lifting everybody's spirits. T stands for just a nice guy.",Mr. T
27,"I believe so deeply in the primacy of language, in lifting your prose to the highest level you're capable of and making your words symphonic.",Dennis Lehane
28,Another mode of accumulating power arises from lifting a weight and then allowing it to fall.,Charles Babbage
29,"I'm getting a wrinkle above my eyebrow because I just can't stop lifting it, and I love that you know.",Angelina Jolie
30,"Exercise and fitness will always be part of my life but it does not have to be lifting huge weights; I like yoga, cycling, walking swimming, anything.",Dorian Yates
31,"What's the point of being the best in the world if you scratch and claw your way to the top, and you push everybody down instead of lifting everybody else up with you?",Rose Namajunas
32,"Personally, coming out was one of the most important things I've ever done, lifting from my shoulders the millstone of lies that I hadn't even realized I was carrying.",Ian Mckellen
33,"Seattle was built out on pilings over the sea, and at high tide the whole city seemed to come afloat like a ship lifting free from a mud berth and swaying in its chains.",Jonathan Raban
34,"Many of us grew up with a kind of puritanism against shopping. But shopping can be much more than how it is cast. If you are bored or you have problems, it can be a way of lifting your spirits, by doing something light and superficial. Why not?",Miuccia Prada
35,Heavy lifting doesn't need to be heavy spending if we do the job right.,Buzz Aldrin
36,"When you start lifting weights in the offseason in like November, you're like, 'Ah, I'm going to get this thing up so I can get to the World Series.'",Gerrit Cole
37,"'Immortals' was very much a martial arts based training program - a lot of body weight stuff, very little in the way of actually lifting heavy weights, and a very, very low calorie diet.",Henry Cavill
38,It wasn't until 'Thor' that I started lifting weights. It was all pretty new to me.,Chris Hemsworth
39,I think it's a pretty good day if I can get through it without lifting a finger.,Jane Kaczmarek
40,Music has a way of getting inside all of us and lifting us up.,Marc Platt
41,"After a workout, you definitely have to have a protein shake. I drink my six-pound whey protein all the time, too. I throw some fruit in there - strawberries, blueberries - with some peanut butter and banana, and it gives you all the recovery you need from a hard day of lifting and running.",Rob Gronkowski
42,"When I was 14, and for the next four years, I was lifting and hauling 10-gallon milk cans full of milk. That will put muscles on you even if you're not trying.",Harmon Killebrew
43,"Caring burns a lot of fuel - psychological and physical, too, if any lifting is involved. The energy tank is soon emptied, and the toll caring takes is well documented. It's called carer burn-out.",Laurie Graham
44,"Because microfinance is so manageable in terms of the size of the loan, people have made it the cornerstone to lifting women out of poverty.",Gayle Tzemach Lemmon
45,"I worked in a chicken factory, in a steel foundry, I worked on the bins for a year or so. It started as a summer job, but I stayed on because I liked it very much. I liked it that it made you very fit, doing all the lifting and that, so I could wear short-sleeved t-shirts, which I'd never been able to do before!",Bob Mortimer
46,The energy of the crowd is insane. Twenty thousand people. It's the biggest jolt of adrenaline. It's very hard to explain. You know the old story about the woman lifting the car off her kid? It's in that realm. You can actually hurt yourself and not know it.,Tom Petty
47,I do two things every single day - I go running and then I do weight lifting.,Barbi Benton
48,"The Tae-Bo guy has a good body on him. I believe in evolution as far as lifting and training and building muscle. I was doing functional movement before CrossFit was ever a thing. I was playing football, doing platform lifts, all kinds of wacky kettle-bell stuff before kettle bells were kettle bells.",Roman Reigns
49,"Everybody you talk to about insurance says the insurance market has become a lot more vibrant as a result of lifting, allowing the foreign direct investment.",John W. Snow
50,"I ride a bike and use aerobic equipment twice a week, and work out with a trainer, lifting weights.",Bob Iger
51,"During the offseason, when you don't have the worries and the grind of the games and the wear and tear of your body, you can really attack the training element a lot harder. More load on your body, more stress - whether that be through running or in the weight room with the lifting program that you're doing at the time.",Greg Olsen
52,"When lifting, I'm always with a trainer because the thing that makes a difference is that last 20% in your training, and he very scientifically looks after my food as well, because when I'm going for a 'shirt off' shot, everything changes the month before, and I'm timed down to the day.",Hugh Jackman
53,"He has to do the heavy lifting and the windows and the wash, and also protect the president.",Alan K. Simpson
54,"I don't know if people would be surprised by this or not, but I'm kind of into nutrition and weight lifting. I know I'm kind of a slender man, but the human physique fascinates me, and learning about metabolism.",Keegan-Michael Key
55,"My dad had me start lifting weights at 12, and for me it was fun.",Lonzo Ball
56,"In the first two projects I've worked on professionally, I've been doing ensemble work with other young women, which I think is pretty cool. And they both were directed by and written by women. It's been a wonderful experience of real ensemble support and women lifting each other up, and I feel really lucky for that.",Maya Hawke
57,I have always enjoyed being a part of a team and benefitting from lifting the spirits of a teammate one day and having them lift yours the next.,Scott Moir
58,"Saddam's goal is to achieve the lifting of U.N. sanctions while retaining and enhancing Iraq's weapons of mass destruction programs. We cannot, we must not and we will not let him succeed.",Madeleine Albright
59,"We do not agree with policies that would lead to attempts at easing sanctions or lifting them and returning to business as usual with Russia. We believe that such behaviour will only embolden the aggressive behavior of Russia, as the last 12 years have shown, starting with Russia's attack on Georgia in 2008.",Andrzej Duda
