,Quote,Author
0,"Saving our planet, lifting people out of poverty, advancing economic growth... these are one and the same fight. We must connect the dots between climate change, water scarcity, energy shortages, global health, food security and women's empowerment. Solutions to one problem must be solutions for all.",Ban Ki-moon
1,Just as we develop our physical muscles through overcoming opposition - such as lifting weights - we develop our character muscles by overcoming challenges and adversity.,Stephen Covey
2,Capitalists are no more capable of self-sacrifice than a man is capable of lifting himself up by his own bootstraps.,Vladimir Lenin
3,"My favorite thing is when we lift a trophy. Afterward, we can have a picture of us lifting a trophy. And that picture shows a lot of work, a lot of difficulty and a lot of sacrifice together.",N'Golo Kante
4,"Sometimes life drops blessings in your lap without your lifting a finger. Serendipity, they call it.",Charlton Heston
5,"Where would you be without friends? The people to pick you up when you need lifting? We come from homes far from perfect, so you end up almost parent and sibling to your friends - your own chosen family. There's nothing like a really loyal, dependable, good friend. Nothing.",Jennifer Aniston
6,"For me, winning isn't just about lifting the cup, the trophy - it's about giving your maximum, on and off the pitch.",Clarence Seedorf
7,"Everything is a blessing, even meetings. Whether it's meetings or running gassers or lifting, it's an opportunity, and the best thing to do is be thankful for it.",Eric Berry
8,The minimum wage can play a vital role in lifting hard-working families above the poverty line.,Adam Cohen
9,"The superior man is the providence of the inferior. He is eyes for the blind, strength for the weak, and a shield for the defenseless. He stands erect by bending above the fallen. He rises by lifting others.",Robert Green Ingersoll
10,"When it comes to space, I see it as my job, I'm building infrastructure the hard way. I'm using my resources to put in place heavy lifting infrastructure so the next generation of people can have a dynamic, entrepreneurial explosion into space.",Jeff Bezos
11,"If you look at the ecological circuitry of this planet, the ways in which materials like carbon or sulfur or phosphorous or nitrogen get cycled in ways that makes them available for our biology, the organisms that do the heavy lifting are bacteria.",Andrew H. Knoll
12,I think it's a pretty good day if I can get through it without lifting a finger.,Jane Kaczmarek
13,"Personally, coming out was one of the most important things I've ever done, lifting from my shoulders the millstone of lies that I hadn't even realized I was carrying.",Ian Mckellen
14,"Everybody always asks me, 'How much can you bench?' I'm like, 'I don't know. I don't lift weights.' Now that I'm in college, we lift weights every once in a while, but not maxing out. We do things with a weight vest on... That surprises people, too, how strong you can get by just basically lifting your body all the time.",Jacob Dalton
15,"Racism has two primary functions: the oppression of people of color, which most people recognize, but also the simultaneous elevation of white people. You can't hold one group down without lifting the other up.",Robin DiAngelo
16,"But, we have had the debate in our country now for a number of years as to whether or not free trade agreements are good for economic growth and economic opportunity in creating jobs and lifting people out of poverty.",Donald Evans
17,"You know, everyone is always talking about plastic surgery, or the technology, what to do. I really think it's important to help yourself with the technology if you want to feel better, but I am absolutely against any kind of monstrous cuts of the body, lifting that is beyond recognition, this kind of stuff.",Marina Abramovic
18,Another mode of accumulating power arises from lifting a weight and then allowing it to fall.,Charles Babbage
19,"Besides wrestling, in my younger years, I also competed in Olympic lifting and power lifting.",Bruno Sammartino
20,"Obviously, I am hoping to go on and win many trophies for Spurs and for England. That's always been the aim since I was a kid, dreaming of lifting the trophy one day for them, so that's what I've got to do.",Harry Kane
21,"Progress in human affairs is more often a pull than a push, surging forward of the exceptional man, and the lifting of his duller brethren slowly and painfully to his vantage ground.",W. E. B. Du Bois
22,"Financial inclusion matters not only because it promotes growth, but because it helps ensure prosperity is widely shared. Access to financial services plays a critical role in lifting people out of poverty, in empowering women, and in helping governments deliver services to their people.",Sri Mulyani Indrawati
23,"He has to do the heavy lifting and the windows and the wash, and also protect the president.",Alan K. Simpson
24,"When lifting, I'm always with a trainer because the thing that makes a difference is that last 20% in your training, and he very scientifically looks after my food as well, because when I'm going for a 'shirt off' shot, everything changes the month before, and I'm timed down to the day.",Hugh Jackman
25,"You know, T can stand for anything. T stand for working hard. T stand for loving thy neighbor. T stand for feeding the hungry. T stand for just working, working, working, being happy on the set, you know, lifting everybody's spirits. T stands for just a nice guy.",Mr. T
26,"What's the point of being the best in the world if you scratch and claw your way to the top, and you push everybody down instead of lifting everybody else up with you?",Rose Namajunas
27,"Lifting the veil of secrecy that shrouds police misconduct allegations would seem like an obvious democratic value. After all, if police work for the people, should they not be answerable to the people, as well? This is a basic tenet of good government.",Maya Wiley
28,"'Immortals' was very much a martial arts based training program - a lot of body weight stuff, very little in the way of actually lifting heavy weights, and a very, very low calorie diet.",Henry Cavill
29,This globalization is lifting up hundreds of millions of people out of poverty. The Left needs to see that.,Chrystia Freeland
30,"There's a full-court press to put down an uprising around Ferguson, but no preparation for lifting up the people there.",Jesse Jackson
31,"When you start lifting weights in the offseason in like November, you're like, 'Ah, I'm going to get this thing up so I can get to the World Series.'",Gerrit Cole
32,"I ride a bike and use aerobic equipment twice a week, and work out with a trainer, lifting weights.",Bob Iger
33,"When I am brushing my teeth, I'm bending my leg behind me, or I'm lifting my leg up and holding it in that position so I'm squeezing my butt in. I can do that while I'm washing or slicing vegetables, too. Or I go up and down on my toes, working my calves a little bit.",Christie Brinkley
34,"I'm trying to let winning the world championships settle in right now before I begin training again shortly. During the skating season, we skate on average 20 kilometres a day. On top of that, we're riding a lot and lifting a lot of weights.",Clara Hughes
35,"When it comes to being on stage, I might be on stage one minute and the next minute I might be in the audience, dancing and lifting people's spirits.",Taboo
36,"I was expelled from school at 14, and whilst everyone else was studying for their GCSEs, I got a membership for that gym, and I just started lifting weights. So while everyone else was in school, I was in the gym sort of bulking up, and when I got to 17, I got a full time job.",Eddie Hall
37,"Luckily, I'm young and I have a great training staff that helps me take care of my body day in and day out. You make sure you're eating right. Make sure you're hitting the iron, lifting as much as you possibly can. That's easier said than done because we don't have many practice days.",Kevin Love
38,"I've got a really long record around progressive politics, especially when it comes to the economy. Voted against the Bush tax cuts. Voted against the Trump tax cuts. Believe in investment into lifting people up, closing the opportunity gaps that exist in our society.",Tim Ryan
39,"After one hundred days of confinement following a bone marrow transplant, I rejoiced in taking short walks to a nearby park as I was writing 'Girl in Hyacinth Blue.' The uncertainty of my survival made every blade of grass gorgeous in its green intensity, lifting itself up, doing its part to make the world beautiful.",Susan Vreeland
40,"To be the best, you need to spend hours and hours and hours running, hitting the speed bag, lifting weights and focusing on training.",Sugar Ray Leonard
41,"If you don't take care of the people doing the heavy lifting, they will burn your castle down.",John Schnatter
42,"You want to shock the body and not be constant. Intermittent fasting is an increasingly popular way: Skip breakfast, for example. Also lifting weights, losing your breath from exercise and alternating between hot and cold temperatures. We think these measures will only get us to 100 to 122 years old. That's our natural lifespan.",David Andrew Sinclair
43,On the road you can't go hardcore with your workout and lifting and then play.,Jack Sock
44,"I'm getting a wrinkle above my eyebrow because I just can't stop lifting it, and I love that you know.",Angelina Jolie
45,The energy of the crowd is insane. Twenty thousand people. It's the biggest jolt of adrenaline. It's very hard to explain. You know the old story about the woman lifting the car off her kid? It's in that realm. You can actually hurt yourself and not know it.,Tom Petty
46,"Just do some kind of workout. Doesn't matter if it's going for a walk around the block, going for a jog, doing some calisthenics, lifting weights, going to a pool and swimming - you name it. But do something that gets your blood flowing and gets your mind in the game.",Jocko Willink
47,"Before, companies and startups had to lay up all this capital for data centers and servers, and take your scarce resource, which in most companies is engineers, and have them work on the undifferentiated heavy lifting of infrastructure. What the cloud has done is completely flipped that model on its head so that you only pay for what you consume.",Andy Jassy
48,I try to keep my routine as consistent as possible. I try to lift every single day. It's not powerlifting. It's not lifting to become the strongest man in the world. It's lifting just to stay in shape. Stay lean. Stay injury free.,Quinn Cook
49,"We do not agree with policies that would lead to attempts at easing sanctions or lifting them and returning to business as usual with Russia. We believe that such behaviour will only embolden the aggressive behavior of Russia, as the last 12 years have shown, starting with Russia's attack on Georgia in 2008.",Andrzej Duda
50,"Every single day, entrepreneurship has highs and lows, and you need to feel like you have a community around you. That is insanely important - to have a community of people around you lifting you up and who really know you.",Jennifer Hyman
51,It's great to see countries like China and India lifting hundreds of millions of people out of poverty by essentially copying Western ways of doing things.,Niall Ferguson
52,A HITT workout is basically three to four complexes and a complex is about three exercises that you can do about three to four times with no rest. Your heart rate is always up and you're lifting weights.,Maryse Mizanin
53,"For myself and the Players Coalition, it was never about the money or having our voices bought. To hear people call me or anyone else a sell-out is insulting. It has always been, and will always be, about lifting the voices of the people and the work of those that fight for them.",Malcolm Jenkins
54,I've lost a lot of fat and that's through weight lifting.,Barbi Benton
55,I have always enjoyed being a part of a team and benefitting from lifting the spirits of a teammate one day and having them lift yours the next.,Scott Moir
56,"I always see where I didn't do things the right way. I only see the heavy lifting. That's a bit of my wisdom, if you want to call it that.",Vera Wang
57,"I think yoga has given me better posture. People don't realise how strong it makes you. You have to use your body weight to hold yourself. As you get older, you're supposed to lift weights, but I find that kind of boring. Yoga is lifting my own body.",Andie MacDowell
58,Building stuff. Lifting blocks. That's how I got stronger. I never lifted weights. I just did masonry work with my pops.,J. R. Smith
59,"If you start lifting weights, you will expect to put weight on, as muscle is heavier than fat. But you have to look more at your body shape - you will get heavier - but you might get smaller and heavier at the same time, which is fine. And it doesn't really matter what you weigh as long as you are happy with your shape and size!",Victoria Pendleton
