,Quote,Author
0,"One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.",Bob Marley
1,"Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.",Plato
2,"Where words fail, music speaks.",Hans Christian Andersen
3,Music is well said to be the speech of angels.,Thomas Carlyle
4,Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.,Maya Angelou
5,"Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.",Jimi Hendrix
6,"Without music, life would be a mistake.",Friedrich Nietzsche
7,Music is the strongest form of magic.,Marilyn Manson
8,"I think music in itself is healing. It's an explosive expression of humanity. It's something we are all touched by. No matter what culture we're from, everyone loves music.",Billy Joel
9,Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.,Victor Hugo
10,"Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears from the eyes of woman.",Ludwig van Beethoven
11,"Music is God's gift to man, the only art of Heaven given to earth, the only art of earth we take to Heaven.",Walter Savage Landor
12,"After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.",Aldous Huxley
13,Music is the soundtrack of your life.,Dick Clark
14,Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.,Berthold Auerbach
15,Beautiful music is the art of the prophets that can calm the agitations of the soul; it is one of the most magnificent and delightful presents God has given us.,Martin Luther
16,Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life.,Jean Paul
17,You are the music while the music lasts.,T. S. Eliot
18,Music can change the world because it can change people.,Bono
19,I don't make music for eyes. I make music for ears.,Adele
20,Music is the shorthand of emotion.,Leo Tolstoy
21,Music is love in search of a word.,Sidney Lanier
22,"If you want to be a rock star or just be famous, then run down the street naked, you'll make the news or something. But if you want music to be your livelihood, then play, play, play and play! And eventually you'll get to where you want to be.",Eddie Van Halen
23,"I was born with music inside me. Music was one of my parts. Like my ribs, my kidneys, my liver, my heart. Like my blood. It was a force already within me when I arrived on the scene. It was a necessity for me - like food or water.",Ray Charles
24,The only love affair I have ever had was with music.,Maurice Ravel
25,"When words leave off, music begins.",Heinrich Heine
26,"If you want to make beautiful music, you must play the black and the white notes together.",Richard M. Nixon
27,There are more love songs than anything else. If songs could make you do something we'd all love one another.,Frank Zappa
28,"Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart.",Pablo Casals
29,"Jazz is smooth and cool. Jazz is rage. Jazz flows like water. Jazz never seems to begin or end. Jazz isn't methodical, but jazz isn't messy either. Jazz is a conversation, a give and take. Jazz is the connection and communication between musicians. Jazz is abandon.",Nat Wolff
30,"It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.",Benjamin Britten
31,"I've said that playing the blues is like having to be black twice. Stevie Ray Vaughan missed on both counts, but I never noticed.",B. B. King
32,The world's most famous and popular language is music.,Psy
33,"Remember the first time you went to a show and saw your favorite band. You wore their shirt, and sang every word. You didn't know anything about scene politics, haircuts, or what was cool. All you knew was that this music made you feel different from anyone you shared a locker with. Someone finally understood you. This is what music is about.",Gerard Way
34,Who hears music feels his solitude peopled at once.,Robert Browning
35,Music is nothing else but wild sounds civilized into time and tune.,Thomas Fuller
36,"For me, singing sad songs often has a way of healing a situation. It gets the hurt out in the open into the light, out of the darkness.",Reba McEntire
37,Music happens to be an art form that transcends language.,Herbie Hancock
38,"You have the sun, you have the moon, you have the air that you breathe - and you have the Rolling Stones!",Keith Richards
39,There's nothing like music to relieve the soul and uplift it.,Mickey Hart
40,He has Van Gogh's ear for music.,Billy Wilder
41,Music is everybody's possession. It's only publishers who think that people own it.,John Lennon
42,The wise musicians are those who play what they can master.,Duke Ellington
43,Music is the best means we have of digesting time.,W. H. Auden
44,I don't care much about music. What I like is sounds.,Dizzy Gillespie
45,If a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music.,Gustav Mahler
46,True music must repeat the thought and inspirations of the people and the time.,George Gershwin
47,I see music as fluid architecture.,Joni Mitchell
48,Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.,Ludwig van Beethoven
49,"It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people.",Stevie Nicks
50,Hell is full of musical amateurs.,George Bernard Shaw
51,Music is always changing and the changes are unpredictable.,Billy Sheehan
52,"When people hear good music, it makes them homesick for something they never had, and never will have.",E. W. Howe
53,Music should be your escape.,Missy Elliott
54,"Music is forever; music should grow and mature with you, following you right on up until you die.",Paul Simon
55,"Music when healthy, is the teacher of perfect order, and when depraved, the teacher of perfect disorder.",John Ruskin
56,"Music is very spiritual, it has the power to bring people together.",Edgar Winter
57,Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.,Martin Mull
58,"You can't stay the same. If you're a musician and a singer, you have to change, that's the way it works.",Van Morrison
59,I look at you and I write down what I hear.,Virgil Thomson
