,Quote,Author
0,One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.,Elbert Hubbard
1,The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.,Bill Gates
2,Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.,Arthur C. Clarke
3,"The Internet is so big, so powerful and pointless that for some people it is a complete substitute for life.",Andrew Brown
4,It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.,Unknown
5,"The number one benefit of information technology is that it empowers people to do what they want to do. It lets people be creative. It lets people be productive. It lets people learn things they didn't think they could learn before, and so in a sense it is all about potential.",Steve Ballmer
6,People who are really serious about software should make their own hardware.,Alan Kay
7,The internet is a great way to get on the net.,Bob Dole
8,Getting information off the Internet is like taking a drink from a fire hydrant.,Mitch Kapor
9,Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.,Gertrude Stein
10,"Bitcoin is a swarm of cyber hornets serving the goddess of wisdom, feeding on the fire of truth, exponentially growing ever smarter, faster, and stronger behind a wall of encrypted energy.",Michael J. Saylor
11,"Success in creating AI would be the biggest event in human history. Unfortunately, it might also be the last, unless we learn how to avoid the risks.",Stephen Hawking
12,The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.,B. F. Skinner
13,Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.,Aldous Huxley
14,Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.,R. Buckminster Fuller
15,The march of science and technology does not imply growing intellectual complexity in the lives of most people. It often means the opposite.,Thomas Sowell
16,Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking of them.,Alfred North Whitehead
17,What new technology does is create new opportunities to do a job that customers want done.,Tim O'Reilly
18,"If we continue to develop our technology without wisdom or prudence, our servant may prove to be our executioner.",Omar N. Bradley
19,"For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled.",Richard P. Feynman
20,"Globalization, as defined by rich people like us, is a very nice thing... you are talking about the Internet, you are talking about cell phones, you are talking about computers. This doesn't affect two-thirds of the people of the world.",Jimmy Carter
21,It is only when they go wrong that machines remind you how powerful they are.,Clive James
22,"Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.",Carrie Snow
23,"The world is very different now. For man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty, and all forms of human life.",John F. Kennedy
24,"Technology gives us power, but it does not and cannot tell us how to use that power. Thanks to technology, we can instantly communicate across the world, but it still doesn't help us know what to say.",Jonathan Sacks
25,The digital camera is a great invention because it allows us to reminisce. Instantly.,Demetri Martin
26,"The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet. The future is still so much bigger than the past.",Tim Berners-Lee
27,"The technology keeps moving forward, which makes it easier for the artists to tell their stories and paint the pictures they want.",George Lucas
28,We're still in the first minutes of the first day of the Internet revolution.,Scott Cook
29,"Technology is a gift of God. After the gift of life it is perhaps the greatest of God's gifts. It is the mother of civilizations, of arts and of sciences.",Freeman Dyson
30,"Technology is supposed to make our lives easier, allowing us to do things more quickly and efficiently. But too often it seems to make things harder, leaving us with fifty-button remote controls, digital cameras with hundreds of mysterious features and book-length manuals, and cars with dashboard systems worthy of the space shuttle.",James Surowiecki
31,"The newest computer can merely compound, at speed, the oldest problem in the relations between human beings, and in the end the communicator will be confronted with the old problem, of what to say and how to say it.",Edward R. Murrow
32,The Internet is the most important single development in the history of human communication since the invention of call waiting.,Dave Barry
33,"Our technological powers increase, but the side effects and potential hazards also escalate.",Alvin Toffler
34,Men have become the tools of their tools.,Henry David Thoreau
35,"The Linux philosophy is 'Laugh in the face of danger'. Oops. Wrong One. 'Do it yourself'. Yes, that's it.",Linus Torvalds
36,"If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger.",Frank Lloyd Wright
37,"There are three roads to ruin; women, gambling and technicians. The most pleasant is with women, the quickest is with gambling, but the surest is with technicians.",Georges Pompidou
38,Technology is the knack of so arranging the world that we don't have to experience it.,Max Frisch
39,"Soon silence will have passed into legend. Man has turned his back on silence. Day after day he invents machines and devices that increase noise and distract humanity from the essence of life, contemplation, meditation.",Jean Arp
40,"Cell phones, mobile e-mail, and all the other cool and slick gadgets can cause massive losses in our creative output and overall productivity.",Robin S. Sharma
41,In software systems it is often the early bird that makes the worm.,Alan Perlis
42,The machine does not isolate man from the great problems of nature but plunges him more deeply into them.,Antoine de Saint-Exupery
43,Technology is so much fun but we can drown in our technology. The fog of information can drive out knowledge.,Daniel J. Boorstin
44,Defect-free software does not exist.,Wietse Venema
45,Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.,Larry Wall
46,Television has changed the American child from an irresistable force to an immovable object.,Laurence J. Peter
47,"An asteroid or a supervolcano could certainly destroy us, but we also face risks the dinosaurs never saw: An engineered virus, nuclear war, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us.",Elon Musk
48,It is questionable if all the mechanical inventions yet made have lightened the day's toil of any human being.,John Stuart Mill
49,Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.,Fred Allen
50,"I force people to have coffee with me, just because I don't trust that a friendship can be maintained without any other senses besides a computer or cellphone screen.",John Cusack
51,"Technological society has succeeded in multiplying the opportunities for pleasure, but it has great difficulty in generating joy.",Pope Paul VI
52,"Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.",Bill Gates
53,"The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.",Oscar Wilde
54,Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo.,Mary Pickford
55,"Cyberspace. A consensual hallucination experienced daily by billions of legitimate operators, in every nation, by children being taught mathematical concepts.",William Gibson
56,We will create a civilization of the Mind in Cyberspace. May it be more humane and fair than the world your governments have made before.,John Perry Barlow
57,"Technology is making gestures precise and brutal, and with them men.",Theodor W. Adorno
58,People are stunned to hear that one company has data files on 185 million Americans.,Ralph Nader
59,"We are the children of a technological age. We have found streamlined ways of doing much of our routine work. Printing is no longer the only way of reproducing books. Reading them, however, has not changed.",Lawrence Clark Powell
